so today I'm going to be having a quick
look at the Logitech g13 this is a
gaming keyboard in the sense that it has
gaming keys on it it is a board but it
is not really a traditional keyboard
this is actually more like that Nostrum
Oh n52 item from Belkin except that this
is a Logitech branded one and being
Logitech it brings with it a lot of
Logitech advantages so first of all
Logitech is telling you okay you can
have four different colored lights so if
you can change the backlight color on
your keys to four different colors
they're saying there is game changing
control you know I'm going to put this
nice and close so you guys can actually
read it yourself what is game changing
comfort so they're saying the ergonomics
of this are designed to give you the
best possible comfort while you're
playing games this is a gaming product
it is for gamers for gaming and also
they have something about 60 plus game
panel enabled games including World of
Warcraft actually I have a G 15 keyboard
myself and I found that since I first
got it when it was released like way
back a million and one years ago the
game support has gotten phenomenally
good like I just installed a new game
and boom
it has my health or my ammo or whatever
it is just on my lcd I don't even have
to configure it anymore these days it's
pretty cool so the first thing we find
inside is probably a disc I'm assuming
based on how inflexible it is yeah we
find a QuickStart guide which is
actually only about four pages just like
that basically okay Quick Start Guide
plug it in to a USB port and put the
disc there that's your Quick Start Guide
okay the next one is important
information from Logitech will ignore
that can be that important Logitech G
Series key profiler download the latest
one off the Logitech site as I always
recommend and then let
get down to business here so at the back
of this box here is our USB cable tucked
away in there so let's just pull that
out oh this is a nice long cable
actually and it's got kind of a sturdy
thick cable feel to it so here should
give you some idea how long it is long
enough actually and they've probably
thought of this putting such a long
cable on a keyboard tech device it's
long enough that you can kind of stick
it away from your desk when you're not
using it and then bring it up on to your
desk when you're actually going to be
playing a game so let's take the oh this
is cool okay so when you're lifting the
g13 out of the box you actually lift up
the whole packaging here this is kind of
like the wild mouse from SteelSeries and
then you take off the plastic clamshell
and then you can pull the g13 out get
this out of here a lot of made a real
mess in the box okay I'm actually going
to lift the camera up here so that I can
show you guys sort of what the
ergonomics look like on this particular
gamepad they've got a bit of a
rubberized wrist rest right here so
that's meant to be let's have a look
from the side right where your pot right
where your palm sits so that you don't
actually have any gaps when you're
resting naturally between your hand and
the g13 and that is actually very very
comfortable
so these dented keys right here are
meant to replace your WASD and then
you've got all these programmable macro
keys all over the place and like many
Logitech Keyboard devices with the G
series you've got em one and two and
three M R so these are actually
different profiles so you can completely
reconfigure your key macros depending
which one of these you have active
obviously this is your brightness
adjustment these are all unlabeled
buttons I wish I could help you with
those but I cannot and then there is
your LCD screen now down here this is
interesting too because normally the
thumb is only good for one thing and
that spacebar pretty much but here
you've actually got a a analog joystick
and then two buttons so you could find
it to jump in something else anyway
thank you for checking out my unboxing
of the oh this is actually cool okay I'm
not quite done yet you've got rubberized
feet all over the bottom of the G 13 so
that's going to keep it from slipping
anywhere on your desk and they feel
quite quite sticky quite grippy and then
you've also got a metal plate on the
bottom that's a very nice touch it's
kind of a brushed metal finish on there
and that's your g13 branding so to speak
so thank you for checking out my
unboxing of the Logitech g13 let's see
if I can find this